---
layout: post
title:  "Kouji"
date:   2017-09-08 15:08:10 -0500
img: img/portfolio/kouji.png
modalID: modalKouji
color1: 2fd1ff
color2: eb8e90
category: professional
description: Augmented Reality to communicate with your friends!
libs:
 - csharp
 - unity
credits:
 - spooklight
platforms:
 - apple
 - android
---
What if every single one of us had a little creature - let's call it a cute digital clone - here to do all your chores? Wouldn't that be awesome?<br/>
Well, unfortunately, that's not (yet) possible.
<br/><br/>
What is possible though is to create your unique avatar, choose a mood, film 8 seconds of your unique life and share it with your amazing friends!
This is Kouji and it's a new way to communicate with your friends or create awesome content for your precious Instagram profile.

{% include link.html link="http://www.kouji-app.com/" title="Download it on Android and iOS!" %}

{% include text.html text="

My main task was to manage the customization of the avatar from scratch.<br/>
I enjoyed to work on this subject, mainly because it's really interesting to work with artists and understand what they want.<br/>
The challenge was huge, I had few time and big constraints: the application must be as lightweight as possible, but the possibilities must remains unlimited and we also need the will to add content without updating the application from the store.<br/>
<br/>
The most interesting part for me was to show creative techniques to make this possible. I learned a lot, mostly about shaders and rendering.<br/>
In parallel, I did a Unity tool allowing artists to easily integrate customization content.
"%}

{% include video.html link="https://www.youtube.com/embed/NdmzKqwLi-I?modestbranding=1&autohide=1&showinfo=0&controls=1&rel=0" %}
